735 - Fix columns width after reset with datagrid (#3643)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where date range filter was not working. ([#3337](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3337))
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed a bug when combining multiselect and expandable rows. If using the shift key to select multiple rows the selection would include incorrect rows. ([#2302](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2302))
- `[Datagrid]` Added support for dragging and reordering columns in RTL and some minor style cleanup with dragging to reorder. ([#3552](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3552))

> - `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the overlay was closing after close Modal. ([#735](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/735))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the width of columns became wider after selecting Reset to Default.([#735](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/735))
```
